right:behavior||that decreased p53 apoptotic function
middle:middle||further enhance the activity of
middle:middle||markedly decreased apoptosis activity of
right:behavior||differential effects on the transforming activity
right:behavior||duplication mutations in the EGFR tyrosine
right:behavior||point mutations in the hMLH1 protein
right:behavior||_ATRX_ mutations in the inherited ATR
right:behavior||had decreased protein expression levels
middle:middle||with reduced catalytic activity when
middle:middle||strongly reduced differentiation capacity of
right:behavior||and involved in the terminal differentiation
right:behavior||concomitant increase in the frequency of
right:behavior||negative effect on the residual wild
middle:middle||and reduced catalytic activity of
right:behavior||an increase in the expression of
right:behavior||than enhance the catalytic activity of
right:behavior||different mutations in the ALK kinase
right:behavior||an increase in the sequencing depth
right:behavior||point mutations in the gene encoding
right:behavior||an impact on the development and
right:behavior||profound effects on the formation and
right:behavior||same effect on the constitutive activity
right:behavior||marked increase in kinase activity compared
right:behavior||function mutations in the CARD and
left:behavior||structurally destabilizing p53 mutations results
left:behavior||that although cellular effects are
right:behavior||these mutations in the molecular mechanism
middle:middle||with defective methyltransferase activity and
left:behavior||performance depending on the impact on
right:behavior||V617F mutations on the function of
right:behavior||GATA3 mutations can be predicted from
right:behavior||actually impact on the alphaC helix
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the STAT3 gene
middle:middle||kinase activity was decreased to
right:behavior||rare mutations can be functionally significant
right:behavior||an increase in the cellular level
right:behavior||corresponding impact on the biology of
right:behavior||deleterious impact on protein function based
right:behavior||invariably involved in the resulting oncogenic
right:behavior||activating mutations in the switch III
right:behavior||point mutations in the region of
right:behavior||downstream effects on the efficiency of
right:behavior||germline mutations in the FGFRgenes result
right:behavior||of mutations in the zinc finger
middle:middle||not increase basal activity of
left:behavior||for specific p53 mutations to
right:behavior||no effect on the degradation of
middle:middle||potentially gain of function in
middle:middle||the impact on function for
right:behavior||milder impact on the clinical course
right:behavior||of mutations on the repair function
right:behavior||missense mutations in the conserved MbI
right:behavior||profound effect on the abundance of
middle:middle||exhibited reduced kinase activity relative
middle:middle||treatment reduced the activity of
middle:middle||1 enhances the activity of
right:behavior||lack mutations in the KRAS and
right:behavior||PIK3CA mutations on the lipid kinase
middle:middle||to increase specific activity by
right:behavior||no effect on the GTPase activity
left:behavior||explored the biological consequences of
middle:middle||to enhance the activity of
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the region defined
right:behavior||are defective in the Fanconi anemia
right:behavior||uncommon mutations can be categorised as
right:behavior||detecting defective protein function in
right:behavior||small increase in the slower migrating
right:behavior||point mutations can be validated with
right:behavior||strong decrease in the intrinsic and
right:behavior||are involved in transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||inactivating mutations in the enzymatic and
right:behavior||an increase in the activity for
middle:middle||constitutive gain of function in
right:behavior||different mutations in the other allele
right:behavior||the increase in the phosphatase activity
middle:middle||the gain of function extended
right:behavior||K868N mutations on the functional activity
right:behavior||activating mutations in the same molecule
right:behavior||function mutations in the ABD and
middle:middle||the effect on function has
middle:middle||the gain of function in
right:behavior||two mutations in the C2 domain
right:behavior||GATA3 mutations can be divided into
right:behavior||oncogenic mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||to mutations in the pseudouridine synthase
middle:middle||phosphatase activity of mutations found
right:behavior||subtle effects on protein folding or
right:behavior||be involved in the leukemogenesis of
middle:middle||may enhance their activity consequently
middle:middle||reveal defective FANCC function in
middle:middle||modest gain of function transforming
right:behavior||treats defective p53 at its
right:behavior||likely involved in the processing of
right:behavior||of mutations in the latter cohort
middle:middle||the function of mutations in
left:behavior||rate of p53 mutations in
middle:middle||established capacity of reduced hepatocyte
right:behavior||accumulating mutations in the coding region
right:behavior||of mutations in the JM and
right:behavior||rapid increase in the log phase
right:behavior||of mutations on the ALK kinase
right:behavior||with mutations in the APC gene
right:behavior||an increase in AR expression is
left:behavior||dominant negative p53 mutations speci
left:behavior||FBXW7 and p53 mutations in
right:behavior||be involved in the DNA damage
right:behavior||their impact on the biological activities
right:behavior||truncating mutations on the NF1 cardiac
right:behavior||significant increase in the phosphorylation levels
left:behavior||mutant merlin protein defective for
left:behavior||with ErbB pathway mutations had
right:behavior||significant impact on the affinity of
middle:middle||a gain of function activities
left:behavior||of specific p53 mutations could
right:behavior||Oncogenic mutations in the NRAS gene
right:behavior||KIT mutations in the different parts
right:behavior||regulatory effects on the two proteins
right:behavior||of mutations in the context of
right:behavior||exchange decrease in the following order
right:behavior||point mutations in the ERÎ± LBD
middle:middle||to increase AKT activity in
right:behavior||different mutations in the kinase domain
middle:middle||a gain of function with
middle:middle||HER3 gain of function mutations
left:behavior||harboring different p53 mutations to
right:behavior||FGFR mutations on the alternation of
right:behavior||frequent mutations on the activity of
right:behavior||no effects on the function of
right:behavior||escape mutations in the antigenic determinant
middle:middle||phenotypic gain of function and
middle:middle||significant activity against mutations associated
right:behavior||different mutations in the largestknown series
right:behavior||function mutations in the juxtamembrane domain
middle:middle||of function NOTCH1 mutations or
middle:middle||of function and gain of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the domain should
middle:middle||obviously decreased the activity of
right:behavior||two mutations in the same receptor
right:behavior||alterations involved in the development of
right:behavior||function mutations can be influenced by
right:behavior||an increase in the specific activity
right:behavior||significant impact on the cell behaviour
right:behavior||segments involved in the communication pathway
right:behavior||functional mutations in the PEST domain
right:behavior||for mutations in the remaining 38
right:behavior||fold increase in the intrinsic tyrosine
right:behavior||oncogenic mutations in the absence of
right:behavior||two mutations in the ERCC3 gene
right:behavior||made mutations in the transmembrane regions
right:behavior||associated mutations in the G loop
right:behavior||Several mutations in the kinase domain
middle:middle||the gain of function mutations
right:behavior||than mutations in the sequence for
right:behavior||with mutations in the ErbB pathway
right:behavior||an increase in the phosphorylation level
right:behavior||strongest gain in kinase activity and
left:behavior||of data on the impact of
right:behavior||marked increase in the levels of
right:behavior||point mutations in the vicinity of
left:behavior||pressure for p53 mutations in
right:behavior||other mutations in the same receptor
middle:middle||a decreased migratory capacity of
right:behavior||hotspot mutations in the intracellular JMR
right:behavior||an increase in the activity of
right:behavior||secondary mutations in the anaplastic lymphoma
left:behavior||that the biological effects of
right:behavior||whereas mutations in the DLG motif
right:behavior||the mutations in the TERT promoter
middle:middle||constitutive activity and reduced sensitivity
right:behavior||is involved in the transition from
right:behavior||several mutations in the CARD domain
right:behavior||dramatic impact on the binding of
right:behavior||different mutations in the central DNA
right:behavior||with mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||are involved in the translational repression
right:behavior||an increase in the trimethylated state
right:behavior||of mutations on the function of
right:behavior||to deregulate the enzymatic activity of
middle:middle||the gain of function activity
right:behavior||are involved in the progression and
left:behavior||are based on the effects of
right:behavior||functional consequences on the DNA repair
right:behavior||that mutations in the oligomerization domain
left:behavior||multiple PI3K pathway mutations on
right:behavior||inactivating mutations in the primary tumours
middle:middle||the reduced PP2A activity is
middle:middle||possible gain of function or
right:behavior||of mutations in the p53 underwrite
left:behavior||and focused on the effects of
middle:middle||The reduced transforming activity of
left:behavior||the differing biological effects of
right:behavior||to enhance transcriptional repression or
right:behavior||of mutations on the activity and
right:behavior||and mutations in the PTEN promoter
right:behavior||the effects on the erythroid lineage
middle:middle||has decreased transcriptional activity compared
right:behavior||function mutations in the VHL gene
middle:middle||the gain of function that
middle:middle||kinase activity of mutations of
right:behavior||primarily reduced in the presence of
middle:middle||a gain of function phenotype
right:behavior||mutations deregulate the enzymatic activity of
middle:middle||severely reduced kinase activity that
right:behavior||function mutations in the FGFR1 kinase
middle:middle||displayed reduced regulatory activity on
left:behavior||the resulting cellular consequences is
right:behavior||point mutations in the p53 sequence
right:behavior||be involved in the ATM pathway
right:behavior||directly involved in the hydrolysis reaction
right:behavior||the mutations on the transcriptional functions
right:behavior||different mutations in the ABL kinase
right:behavior||binding mutations on the transforming activity
right:behavior||the consequences on the BRCA1 activity
right:behavior||the mutations on the oncogenic potential
right:behavior||a reduced cellular concentration of
left:behavior||and important biological consequences can
left:behavior||have a biological impact in
right:behavior||genes involved in the generation of
middle:middle||to decreased phosphatase activity of
middle:middle||to reduced phosphatase activity of
right:behavior||marked increase in the activity of
left:behavior||since PI3K pathway mutations in
right:behavior||point mutations in the FLT3 gene
right:behavior||the decreased transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||the mutations in kinase domain may
right:behavior||passenger mutations in the evolution of
middle:middle||The increase in activity produced
right:behavior||different effects on the catalytic activities
middle:middle||abrogated gain of function and
right:behavior||a decrease in the survival of
middle:middle||to increase kinase activity and
right:behavior||no mutations in the immunoglobulin genes
right:behavior||alterations involved in the progression of
middle:middle||a gain of function instead
middle:middle||their reduced transforming capacity cannot
middle:middle||or reduced phosphatase activity and
middle:middle||somatic mutations and function as
right:behavior||fold increase in the migratory activity
right:behavior||terminal mutations on the phosphatase activity
right:behavior||direct effect on the sodium iodide
left:behavior||significance of p53 mutations in
middle:middle||p53 gain of function and
left:behavior||deletion of p53 enhances tumor
middle:middle||gal activity and decrease clonogenic
left:behavior||we tested p53 mutations to
right:behavior||The effect on the kinase activity
middle:middle||Braf activity was decreased by
right:behavior||21 mutations in the present study
left:behavior||the opposite biological effects of
right:behavior||no effect on the high transforming
right:behavior||Truncating mutations in the C terminus
right:behavior||whose effect on protein function has
right:behavior||identified mutations in the activation loop
right:behavior||primarily involved in the DNA damage
middle:middle||to decreased CRAF activity in
right:behavior||STAT5B mutations in the neoplastic transformation
middle:middle||any gain of function mutant
right:behavior||activating mutations in the epidermal growth
middle:middle||the role of mutations found
left:behavior||the desirable biological effects can
middle:middle||exhibited decreased repression activity compared
middle:middle||with reduced catalytic activity of
right:behavior||rare mutations in the same 3D
left:behavior||of the p53 mutations is
right:behavior||stepwise increase in the frequency of
right:behavior||is involved in the repair of
right:behavior||TSC1 mutations in the context of
middle:middle||a gain of function effect
middle:middle||may enhance the activity of
left:behavior||describe the biological effects of
right:behavior||partial effect on the Ex19Del mutant
middle:middle||that increase the activity of
right:behavior||oncogenic mutations in the Krasex3op allele
middle:middle||cant increase in activity over
right:behavior||missense mutations in the human BRCA1
right:behavior||of mutations in the target receptor
left:behavior||determine the biological effects resulting
middle:middle||The gain of function for
right:behavior||is involved in the specific interaction
right:behavior||with impact on the prognosis and
middle:middle||by gain of function mutations
left:behavior||Although the biological consequences of
right:behavior||biological effects can be achieved by
left:behavior||these diverse biological effects because
right:behavior||whether mutations in the different tumour
right:behavior||their effects on the transcriptional role
middle:middle||domain mutations may function as
right:behavior||nonsense mutations in the FBW7 gene
right:behavior||43 mutations in the RhoA subfamily
left:behavior||that these transcriptional effects are
middle:middle||ROC1 enhances ligase activity of
right:behavior||Phe mutations in the RS3 position
right:behavior||exposed mutations on the ability of
right:behavior||these mutations in the oncogenesis of
right:behavior||K mutations in the diagnosis of
right:behavior||to increase the catalytic activity of
middle:middle||Smad3 function may decrease the
middle:middle||AT activity as mutations LI
middle:middle||overall gain of function with
left:behavior||shares some biological effects with
right:behavior||possibly involved in the early stages
right:behavior||no mutations in the tyrosine kinase
right:behavior||an increase in the gene methylation
right:behavior||any effect on the clinical management
middle:middle||Akt3 activity is reduced in
middle:middle||are gain of function and
right:behavior||of mutations in the tetramerization domain
middle:middle||to reduced CDK2 activity 122
right:behavior||substantially reduced in the absence of
right:behavior||be involved in the adhesion and
right:behavior||KRAS mutations on the protein structure
right:behavior||hypomorphic mutations in the NEMO gene
right:behavior||different effects in the two related
middle:middle||demonstrate gain of function activity
right:behavior||different mutations in the tyrosine kinase
right:behavior||engineered mutations in the backside loop
middle:middle||transcriptional activity by mutations and
middle:middle||with reduced MMR activity that
right:behavior||allosteric effects on the DBP by
right:behavior||be involved in the functional dysregulation
right:behavior||substantial increase in the activity of
right:behavior||destabilizing effects on the BRCT fold
middle:middle||low activity BRAF mutations that
right:behavior||are involved in the tumor suppressor
middle:middle||for gain of function mutations
middle:middle||strongly reduced AT activity are
right:behavior||negative impact on protein function has
right:behavior||potential effect on the survival and
right:behavior||detected mutations in the exon 8
middle:middle||promoter activity and reduced Cyclin
right:behavior||different mutations on the DNA level
right:behavior||of mutations in the ETGE motif
right:behavior||genes involved in the hypoxia response
right:behavior||strongest impact on the mutation landscape
right:behavior||also involved in the proliferation and
middle:middle||having reduced Akt3 activity were
middle:middle||mutations increase EGFR activity in
middle:middle||of reduced PP6 activity Although
right:behavior||mainly involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||P27 involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||an impact on the expression or
middle:middle||that reduced CBFA2 function also
right:behavior||mechanism involved in the activity regulation
right:behavior||no mutations in the corresponding gene
middle:middle||kinase activity and increase in
middle:middle||JAK2 activity and decrease its
middle:middle||The gain of function in
right:behavior||allosteric effects on the confirmation of
right:behavior||EGFR mutations in the course of
left:behavior||a factor in the effect of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the gene portion
right:behavior||important effect on the malignant behavior
right:behavior||is involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||PTEN mutations on the ability to
right:behavior||fusion involved in the pathogenesis of
left:behavior||assess the biological effects of
left:behavior||general acid in the hydrolysis reaction
right:behavior||and enhances the enzymatic activity of
right:behavior||directly involved in the formation of
middle:middle||with reduced kinase activity can
middle:middle||mediated gain of function in
right:behavior||is involved in the promotion and
middle:middle||an gain of function rather
right:behavior||is involved in the transcriptional initiation
right:behavior||point mutations in the development of
middle:middle||have reduced enzymatic activity but
middle:middle||moderately increase the activity of
left:behavior||of the biological consequences on
middle:middle||fold increase in activity over
right:behavior||inhibitory effect in the basal state
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the tyrosine kinase
right:behavior||apparent effect on the cleavage activity
middle:middle||the reduced oncogenic activity when
right:behavior||GTP hydrolysis in the absence of
right:behavior||also involved in the activation of
right:behavior||their effects on the specificity of
right:behavior||negative effect on the transcriptional activation
middle:middle||by gain of function SHP2
right:behavior||detrimental effects on the formation of
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the guanine nucleotide
right:behavior||adverse effect on the protein phosphatase
middle:middle||a gain of function genomic
right:behavior||their effects on the cell cycle
middle:middle||or gain of function of
middle:middle||promoter activity was reduced about
right:behavior||activating mutations in the BRAF and
middle:middle||a gain of function as
left:behavior||observed data on the effect of
right:behavior||no effect on the catalytic activity
middle:middle||the decrease in activity is
right:behavior||minor impact on the function of
right:behavior||limited effect on the kinetic rate
middle:middle||whose effects on function are
left:behavior||the heterozygous p53 mutations in
right:behavior||PMS2 mutations in the 35 families
right:behavior||networks involved in the lapatinib resistance
middle:middle||disruptive mutations that function in
middle:middle||no effect on function in
right:behavior||of mutations in the _ATRX_ gene
left:behavior||shown that biological consequences of
right:behavior||truncating mutations on the coding sequence
right:behavior||repair mutations in the human databases
left:behavior||in their biological effects in
left:behavior||of specific p53 mutations for
middle:middle||phosphatase activity will effect enhanced
right:behavior||point mutations in the targeted kinase
right:behavior||positive effect on the catalytic function
middle:middle||displayed reduced kinase activity in
right:behavior||were defective in kinase activity even
middle:middle||of gain of function of
right:behavior||U2AF1 mutations on the splicing of
middle:middle||confer gain of function in
right:behavior||these mutations on the interaction between
middle:middle||with gain of function mutations
right:behavior||cells defective in the activation of
right:behavior||with mutations in the other genes
right:behavior||domain mutations in the EGFRvIII backbone
right:behavior||alterations involved in the biology of
right:behavior||their impact on the mTOR pathway
left:behavior||of the p53 mutations reported
right:behavior||pathway involved in the repair of
middle:middle||significant gain of function suggests
middle:middle||significant reduced inhibitory activity in
right:behavior||differential effect on the transcriptional activation
middle:middle||greatly enhances kinase activity of
right:behavior||genes involved in the cellular response
right:behavior||ATM mutations in their effect on
middle:middle||of gain of function mutationsStudies
right:behavior||an increase in the frequency of
right:behavior||percent decrease in the sum of
right:behavior||no effect on the cytoplasmic pool
middle:middle||do impact RAS function but
right:behavior||is involved in the biological behavior
right:behavior||is involved in the stabilization of
right:behavior||similar mutations in the same RTK
right:behavior||significant increase in the invasive capacity
right:behavior||the effects on the affinity for
right:behavior||genes involved in the putative fusion
middle:middle||both decreased SOX9 activity and
right:behavior||substantially decreased in the presence of
right:behavior||function mutations in the structurally similar
right:behavior||truncating mutations in the NF1 gene
right:behavior||function mutations in the protein products
right:behavior||an effect on the kinase domain
left:behavior||slower step in the hydrolysis reaction
middle:middle||mutations decrease the capacity of
right:behavior||smaller increase in the amount of
right:behavior||missense mutations on protein structures have
left:behavior||no difference in the effect was
middle:middle||their function and impact on
middle:middle||Through gain of function and
right:behavior||genes involved in the PI3K pathway
left:behavior||spots of p53 mutations occur
middle:middle||significantly reduced MMR activity for
right:behavior||are mutations in the kinase domain
middle:middle||AT activity for mutations C
right:behavior||driving mutations in the majority of
right:behavior||these mutations in the mechanism and
right:behavior||differential effects on the risk of
right:behavior||three mutations in the transmembrane region
right:behavior||significant decrease in the number of
middle:middle||function activity is reduced when
right:behavior||function mutations in the LATCH or
right:behavior||AR mutations in the transition of
right:behavior||BRAF mutations can be divided into
left:behavior||spectrum of p53 mutations which
right:behavior||showed reduced pathway activation compared
right:behavior||and mutations in the epidermal growth
middle:middle||likely function to deregulate cellular
right:behavior||an impact on protein function or
right:behavior||missense mutations in the BAP1 gene
right:behavior||coactivator involved in the regulation of
middle:middle||with decreased AR activity has
right:behavior||fold increase in kinase activity upon
right:behavior||point mutations in the RUNX1 gene
right:behavior||with mutations in the different MMR
middle:middle||or decrease Ras activity or
middle:middle||the gain of function conferred
right:behavior||to increase cellular proliferation and
right:behavior||of mutations on the transforming potential
middle:middle||could decrease the activity of
middle:middle||their gain of function properties
middle:middle||to increase Alp activity in
middle:middle||a gain of function which
middle:middle||reported gain of function of
right:behavior||these mutations on the other aspects
middle:middle||have gain of function as
right:behavior||in increase in the basal activity
right:behavior||that mutations in the FERM domain
right:behavior||different mutations in the protein tyrosine
right:behavior||harboring mutations in the locus encoding
right:behavior||of mutations on the oligomeric structure
right:behavior||missense mutations on the activity of
right:behavior||ATPÎ³S decrease protein affinity for
middle:middle||and decreased catalytic activity of
middle:middle||repair function to enhance their
right:behavior||of mutations in the gene result
right:behavior||be involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||the effects on protein function of
middle:middle||to increase kinase activity of
middle:middle||reporter activity and decreased pHX
right:behavior||point mutations in the promoter of
right:behavior||2B mutations can be viewed as
right:behavior||ATP hydrolysis in the presence of
middle:middle||strong gain of function upon
right:behavior||function mutations in the helical domain
right:behavior||point mutations in the extracellular domain
middle:middle||reporter activity was reduced by
right:behavior||no effect on the basal phosphorylation
right:behavior||activating mutations in the Class IA
right:behavior||mutants defective in their effector interactions
right:behavior||silent mutations in the AR had
right:behavior||Y1253D mutations in the human MET
right:behavior||that mutations in the ETV6 transcription
right:behavior||positive effect on the expression level
right:behavior||Truncating mutations in the hMSH2 gene
middle:middle||20 mutations may function by
right:behavior||The mutations in the nucleotide sequence
right:behavior||MET mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||corrects defective cellular migration that
right:behavior||opposite effects on the activity of
right:behavior||have impact on the clinical outcome
right:behavior||P2699S mutations in the pocket that
right:behavior||introduced mutations in the ERCC3 cDNA
middle:middle||toxic gain of function attributable
middle:middle||the role IDH mutations play
right:behavior||steady increase in the number of
right:behavior||probably involved in the progression of
right:behavior||large increase in the activity of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the p16 mutants
right:behavior||different mutations in the Krasex3op allele
right:behavior||destabilization effect on the computed protein
right:behavior||qualitative shift in the activity of
middle:middle||reflect decreased kinase activity of
right:behavior||20 mutations in the treatment of
right:behavior||gene involved in the progression of
right:behavior||factors involved in the basal and
right:behavior||linked mutations on the dynamical profile
middle:middle||would deregulate kinase function due
right:behavior||the mutations on the characteristics of
right:behavior||enzymatically defective protein with a
middle:middle||may increase proteasome activity in
right:behavior||timescales involved in the two signaling
right:behavior||little effect on the transcription potency
right:behavior||possible impact on the known function
middle:middle||detecting defective protein function in
right:behavior||also involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||receptors involved in the malignant behavior
right:behavior||autoinhibitory effect on the catalytic activity
right:behavior||of mutations in the functional region
left:behavior||p53 mutants on the effects of
right:behavior||deleterious effect on the gene function
right:behavior||not increase transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||these mutations can be easily acquired
right:behavior||significant effect on protein stability and
middle:middle||the reduced exonuclease activity of
right:behavior||of mutations in the different simultaneous
right:behavior||function mutations in the positive regulator
middle:middle||which enhances the activity of
right:behavior||the effect on the kinetic rate
middle:middle||displayed reduced transactivation activity and
right:behavior||dramatic decrease in the expression of
right:behavior||Although mutations in the ECD does
right:behavior||genes involved in the integration events
right:behavior||different effects on the growth of
right:behavior||no increase in the activity of
right:behavior||an effect on the activity from
middle:middle||mutations increase specific activity to
right:behavior||other effects on the transformed phenotype
right:behavior||by mutations in the activation or
middle:middle||1101 reduced the activity of
middle:middle||a gain of function by
right:behavior||the effect on the C1156Y mutant
right:behavior||function mutations in the kinase activation
middle:middle||RAS4B function and enhances signaling
right:behavior||fold increase in kinase activity accompanied
right:behavior||TRAF7 mutations in the genesis of
middle:middle||with decreased specific activity of
right:behavior||an increase in the intrinsic hydrolysis
middle:middle||preferential activity against mutations involving
middle:middle||of function cancer mutations that
right:behavior||significant increase in the frequency of
left:behavior||and cell biological effects of
middle:middle||conferred gain of function by
middle:middle||have reduced kinase activity toward
middle:middle||of reduced TopoIIÎ± function as
left:behavior||examined the biological effects of
right:behavior||genes involved in the mitochondrial electron
middle:middle||significantly increase JAK2 activity and
right:behavior||different effects on the polyadenylation state
middle:middle||a gain of function conferred
right:behavior||no effect on the receptor turnover
middle:middle||showed decreased GTPase activity and
right:behavior||PDGFRA mutations in the proximal extracellular
right:behavior||be involved in the nausea and
right:behavior||a decrease in the RING1B protein
middle:middle||a gain of function through
left:behavior||inferred based on the consequences of
right:behavior||causing mutations on protein structure and
right:behavior||deleterious effect on protein function was
middle:middle||mutations increase transcriptional activity from
right:behavior||CTNNB1 mutations in the progression of
right:behavior||be involved in the efficacy and
right:behavior||novel mutations in the transmembrane domain
right:behavior||NF1 mutations on the basis of
right:behavior||mechanisms involved in the generation of
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the current study
left:behavior||endometrial cancer pathway involved with
left:behavior||gain insight on the effect of
right:behavior||with impact on the transcriptional activation
middle:middle||transport activity are reduced by
right:behavior||proteins involved in the migratory phenotype
right:behavior||identical mutations in the PHD finger
middle:middle||include gain of function in
right:behavior||associated mutations in the core elongin
left:behavior||for mutant p53 gain of
left:behavior||further light on the consequences of
right:behavior||missense mutations on the MH1 domain
right:behavior||dramatic increase in the number of
right:behavior||of mutations in the FANCA gene
middle:middle||hydrophobic mutations might function to
right:behavior||function mutations in the scaffold protein
right:behavior||Smad4 mutations in the MH2 domain
right:behavior||Somatic mutations in the tyrosine kinase
right:behavior||occurring mutations in the enzymes that
middle:middle||represent gain of function mutations
right:behavior||proteins involved in the Fanconi anaemia
right:behavior||contained mutations in the p53 gene
middle:middle||The gain of function of
middle:middle||of gain of function enhancement
right:behavior||was reduced in the affected animals
right:behavior||possible effect on protein expression and
middle:middle||gene gain of function mutations
middle:middle||may decrease the activity of
right:behavior||an increase in the cellular phosphatidylinositol
right:behavior||of mutations can be assessed by
right:behavior||a decrease in the specific activity
left:behavior||suggests that p53 mutations acquire
middle:middle||BRCA2 function are defective in
right:behavior||KIT mutations in the same metastasis
middle:middle||substantial gain of function inherent
middle:middle||significantly decreased cardiac function were
right:behavior||same impact on the YLP as
right:behavior||different mutations in the same NER
right:behavior||expression involved in the transition from
middle:middle||basal activity by mutations of
middle:middle||has reduced transforming activity in
right:behavior||different mutations in the CDKN2A gene
right:behavior||predicted effect on protein function or
middle:middle||treatment reduced mitotic activity and
middle:middle||TrkA gain of function mutations
middle:middle||that effect enzyme activity can
right:behavior||activating mutations in the same location
right:behavior||reported mutations in the promoter of
right:behavior||point mutations in the MH2 domain
right:behavior||be involved in the response to
right:behavior||different effects on the lung cancer
right:behavior||also defective in the absence of
middle:middle||promoter mutations may function as
right:behavior||activating mutations in the FLT3 and
middle:middle||domain enhances SOS activity by
right:behavior||highest increase in kinase activity among
right:behavior||the mutations in the context of
right:behavior||of mutations in the DBD does
right:behavior||be involved in the oncogenic signal
right:behavior||major impact in the levels of
right:behavior||EGFR mutations can be changed with
right:behavior||little effect on the activity due
middle:middle||also decreased the capacity of
middle:middle||and gain of function support
right:behavior||specific effect in the WM3629 cell
right:behavior||A decrease in the ratio indicates
right:behavior||rare mutations can be functionally important
right:behavior||genes involved in the maintenance of
right:behavior||fold increase in the unstimulated cells
right:behavior||This decrease in the number of
middle:middle||the gain of function is
middle:middle||oncogenic gain of function of
right:behavior||germline mutations in the p53 gene
right:behavior||the increase in the severity of
right:behavior||of mutations in the MEN1 gene
right:behavior||negative effects on the cell cycle
left:behavior||maintain p53 in the reduced and
right:behavior||profound effect on the functionality of
middle:middle||mutation reduced the activity of
right:behavior||Somatic mutations in the BRAF gene
left:behavior||a major biological effect that
middle:middle||have reduced the activity of
left:behavior||10 The biological consequences of
right:behavior||by mutations in the Ste5 RING
right:behavior||function mutations in the presence of
middle:middle||variants reduced the activity of
middle:middle||dominant gain of function previously
right:behavior||function mutations in the LKB1 tumor
middle:middle||GTPase activity is reduced in
right:behavior||is involved in the late event
middle:middle||promoter activity and decreased expression
right:behavior||functional mutations in kinase subdomain IX
right:behavior||of mutations in the transmembrane region
right:behavior||any effect on the Top flash
right:behavior||helix mutations in the context of
right:behavior||significant effect on the cleavage activity
right:behavior||function mutations in the regulatory spine
right:behavior||are defective in the biological responses
right:behavior||Met mutations in the context of
right:behavior||genes involved in the EGFR signaling
right:behavior||conformational shift in the switch I
middle:middle||an increase in activity upon
right:behavior||not defective in their capacity to
right:behavior||of mutations in the patients with
middle:middle||necessarily increase kinase activity or
right:behavior||significant decrease in the size of
right:behavior||include mutations in the GTPase KRAS
middle:middle||to increase PI3K activity in
right:behavior||different effects on the same M
right:behavior||patient mutations on the functions of
right:behavior||of mutations in the normal tissues
right:behavior||change mutations in the CD domain
right:behavior||demonstrate effects on the proliferation and
right:behavior||independent mutations in the fgfr1a1 gene
right:behavior||broadly involved in the genesis of
left:behavior||the different cellular effects of
right:behavior||is involved in the development of
right:behavior||potential impact on protein function and
right:behavior||MYD88 mutations on the behavior of
left:behavior||analysis of biological effects of
right:behavior||and effect on the growth of
right:behavior||when gain in kinase activity of
right:behavior||any effect on the function of
right:behavior||frequent mutations in the region encoding
right:behavior||specifically involved in the development of
left:behavior||from other p53 gain of
right:behavior||substitution mutations in the p300 PHD
right:behavior||specific mutations can be grouped into
right:behavior||SF3B1 mutations in the HSPC of
middle:middle||the reduced catalytic activity of
right:behavior||targeted mutations in the murine met
right:behavior||strong effect on the activity of
right:behavior||positive effect on the transcription activity
right:behavior||include mutations in the dimerization domain
middle:middle||not increase transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||point mutations in the ATP binding
right:behavior||no increase in the ErbB2 kinase
middle:middle||a gain of function or
right:behavior||inhibitory effects on the receptor kinase
middle:middle||the mutations all function by
right:behavior||an increase in the Akt pathway
right:behavior||truncating mutations on the activity of
right:behavior||this effect can be attributed to
middle:middle||synergy working with reduced c
right:behavior||many mutations in the current study
right:behavior||are involved in the hydrophilic attack
right:behavior||no effect on the interaction between
middle:middle||in reduced MMR activity to
left:behavior||can vary in the impact on
right:behavior||be involved in the HCC pathogenesis
right:behavior||LBD mutations on the conformational mobility
right:behavior||be involved in the transactivation of
middle:middle||proapoptotic activity and gain of
right:behavior||proteins involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||their effects in the 2 groups
right:behavior||their effect on the biochemical activity
right:behavior||point mutations in the ER are
right:behavior||profound impact on protein structure and
right:behavior||the decreased p53 protein levels
left:behavior||and that p53 mutations resulted
right:behavior||associated mutations on the biologic function
middle:middle||the gain of function observed
middle:middle||that reduced Keap1 activity facilitates
right:behavior||genes involved in the control of
left:behavior||frequency of p53 mutations have
right:behavior||is involved in the carcinogenesis of
right:behavior||no effect on the activity of
right:behavior||structures involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||ratio decreased in the liver suggesting
middle:middle||substantially reduced MAPK activity in
left:behavior||no difference in the impact stratified
right:behavior||be involved in the signal transduction
right:behavior||destabilization effect on the inactive kinase
right:behavior||mutation impact on protein function by
right:behavior||This increase in the polyp size
middle:middle||phosphatase activity in mutations at
right:behavior||that mutations in the L2 loop
middle:middle||of gain of function mutations
middle:middle||to enhance AR activity and
right:behavior||not increase in the presence of
right:behavior||observed increase in the intrinsic rate
right:behavior||a decrease in the thermal stability
right:behavior||a decrease in the change of
right:behavior||significantly reduced in the mutant with
right:behavior||that mutations in the two domains
right:behavior||with reduced protein expression and
middle:middle||produce gain of function by
middle:middle||may increase ER activity in
left:behavior||showed that p53 mutations not
right:behavior||for mutations in the RAD51C gene
right:behavior||direct effect on the tumor cells
middle:middle||to decrease the activity of
middle:middle||for defective KMT2D function in
right:behavior||function mutations in the context of
middle:middle||significantly reduced luciferase activity in
middle:middle||the role of mutations in
right:behavior||greater increase in the of sum
left:behavior||functional data on the effects of
middle:middle||show gain of function in
middle:middle||ALK activity to gain advantage
right:behavior||small decrease in the strength of
right:behavior||point mutations in the high mobility
right:behavior||cells involved in the malignant clone
right:behavior||of mutations in the different MMR
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the studied series
right:behavior||to increase p53 and Gata3
right:behavior||missense mutations in the most commonly
right:behavior||CDK12 mutations on the activity of
right:behavior||with mutations in the tyrosine kinase
left:behavior||that CBP can be involved in
right:behavior||to enhance cellular 2HG production
middle:middle||showed decreased phosphatase activity and
right:behavior||by mutations in the gene families
right:behavior||identical mutations in the transmembrane domain
right:behavior||including mutations in the HER2 extracellular
right:behavior||terminal mutations on the AMPK signaling
right:behavior||ETV6 mutations on the transcriptional repression
right:behavior||point mutations in the amino terminus
right:behavior||RET mutations can be predicted by
middle:middle||have reduced GTPase activity and
right:behavior||missense mutations on the ability of
right:behavior||Cbl mutations in the pathogenesis of
right:behavior||genes involved in the programmed regulation
right:behavior||nucleus involved in the generation of
left:behavior||or differences in the effects of
left:behavior||significant differences in the effect of
right:behavior||its effect on the activity of
right:behavior||These consequences can be attributed to
right:behavior||TKD mutations in the FLT3 gene
right:behavior||PIK3R1 mutations in the region of
right:behavior||as mutations in the oncogenic hotspot
right:behavior||residues involved in the JMR binding
middle:middle||that impact the activity of
right:behavior||similar mutations in the kinase domain
middle:middle||Ras mutations actually function in
right:behavior||equivalent effects on the catalytic activity
left:behavior||Ras effector pathway mutations cooperate
right:behavior||a shift in the fluorescence emission
right:behavior||actively involved in the epigenetic silencing
left:behavior||these splicing pathway mutations are
right:behavior||point mutations in the mTOR pathway
right:behavior||that mutations in the finely tuned
middle:middle||AKT activity through hydrolysis of
middle:middle||substantially decreased the capacity of
middle:middle||pathway activity and decreased PTEN
right:behavior||little effect on the inherent enzymatic
right:behavior||acquired mutations in the same patient
right:behavior||altering effects on the receptor dimerization
right:behavior||an increase in the active modifications
middle:middle||substantial activity against mutations that
right:behavior||additional mutations in the original driver
middle:middle||of function germline mutations in
right:behavior||that mutations in the MET protooncogene
right:behavior||Genomic mutations in the AR are
right:behavior||no mutations in the matched normal
right:behavior||moderate gain in the conformational entropy
middle:middle||may function to enhance PDGF
right:behavior||gene mutations in their requirement for
middle:middle||hence decreased RasGAP activity are
middle:middle||might decrease trophic activity or
middle:middle||have reduced phosphatase activity in
right:behavior||deletion mutations in the hMSH2 or
middle:middle||mutations increase proteasome activity and
right:behavior||cancer mutations in the RET and
right:behavior||an increase in AR gene transcription
left:behavior||may result in the gain of
right:behavior||Specific mutations in the coding region
middle:middle||by decreased Cdk2 activity in
right:behavior||the mutations in the trisomic cases
left:behavior||The td p53 mutations differed
right:behavior||differential effects on the sensitivity of
middle:middle||negatively impact kinase activity of
right:behavior||factors involved in the RB1 pathway
right:behavior||the effect on the function of
right:behavior||FANCA mutations on the FANCL association
right:behavior||activating mutations in the KRas oncogene
middle:middle||have reduced kinase activity in
right:behavior||with mutations in the same codon
middle:middle||for gain of function of
right:behavior||direct effect on the control of
middle:middle||for defective pVHL function in
right:behavior||an effect on the transcriptional response
middle:middle||to decrease its activity to
left:behavior||or cumulative in their effect on
right:behavior||those involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||normal increase in the level of
right:behavior||for mutations in the CDKN1B gene
right:behavior||s effect in the tumor and
left:behavior||and this biological effect required
middle:middle||induced gain of function in
right:behavior||activating mutations in the SMO gene
left:behavior||a multifunctional protein involved in
middle:middle||to shift FoxO function from
left:behavior||The different p53 mutations can
right:behavior||their effect on the constitutive tyrosine
right:behavior||on mutations in the EGFR gene
right:behavior||IFITM1 enhances p53 transcriptional activity
right:behavior||Activating mutations in the ras oncogene
right:behavior||presumed effect on the function of
middle:middle||the role of mutations of
right:behavior||known mutations on the function of
left:behavior||Suppression of p53 reduced the
right:behavior||profound effects on the integrity of
right:behavior||that reduced protein levels attributable
right:behavior||domain mutations in the RPTP family
right:behavior||germline mutations in the succinate dehydrogenase
right:behavior||are involved in the tumorigenesis of
right:behavior||no effect on the ability of
left:behavior||significant differences in the effects of
middle:middle||of mutations that function to
left:behavior||data available on the consequences of
right:behavior||modest increase in the R661W immunoblot
right:behavior||Other mutations in the gene that
right:behavior||several effects on the functions of
left:behavior||Our studies on the effects of
right:behavior||no effect on the proper localization
right:behavior||the mutations in the Fbw7 substrate
right:behavior||greater impact on the catalytic activity
middle:middle||to gain in function of
left:behavior||these diseases can be mutations in
right:behavior||HER2 mutations in the transmembrane domain
right:behavior||function mutations in the tumor suppressor
middle:middle||had reduced phosphatase activity compared
right:behavior||significant effects on protein structure than
right:behavior||somatic mutations in kinase genes identified
left:behavior||of the biological effects of
right:behavior||Ras defective in the GTPase activity
left:behavior||reversing the biological effects of
right:behavior||the mutations on the catalytic activity
right:behavior||progressive increase in the nuclear localization
right:behavior||cancer mutations in the context of
middle:middle||regulatory activity was reduced by
middle:middle||kinase activity or defective degradation
middle:middle||deubiquitinating activity is involved in
right:behavior||harbor mutations in the sympathicoadrenal lineage
right:behavior||GATA3 mutations in the TCGA report
right:behavior||their impact on the function of
right:behavior||ultimately impact on the management of
middle:middle||telomere function and increase genome
right:behavior||BRAF mutations in the epithelial component
middle:middle||relative role of mutations in
right:behavior||point mutations in the activation loop
middle:middle||of function for mutations located
middle:middle||a gain of function to
right:behavior||activating mutations in the pathogenesis of
middle:middle||the decreased Cdk2 activity demonstrated
right:behavior||a decrease in the overall expression
right:behavior||function mutations can be developed as
right:behavior||Different mutations in the extracellular domain
right:behavior||no effect on the signalling and
middle:middle||kinase activity and enhance mTOR
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the 35 tumors
middle:middle||with reduced supportive capacity rather
right:behavior||CDKN2A mutations can be considered as
right:behavior||S252W mutations on the receptors and
right:behavior||the increase in kinase activity upon
middle:middle||fold increase in activity observed
right:behavior||ATP hydrolysis in the activity of
right:behavior||be involved in the establishment of
left:behavior||examine the cellular effects of
right:behavior||linear increase in the net enzymatic
right:behavior||for mutations in the STAT3 SH2
right:behavior||intrinsic hydrolysis in the presence of
left:behavior||or its biological effect is
right:behavior||acid mutations in the first Ig
right:behavior||but mutations in the FM had
middle:middle||of gain of function has
right:behavior||Genes involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||spot mutations in the L3 loop
right:behavior||through mutations in the APC or
right:behavior||9 mutations in the pathogenesis of
right:behavior||a decrease in the nucleotide exchange
middle:middle||ALK activity showed decreased protein
middle:middle||their gain of function was
middle:middle||less activity against mutations in
middle:middle||slightly reduced kinase activity of
right:behavior||identical mutations in the p300 and
right:behavior||deletion mutations in the sequenced samples
right:behavior||minor effect on the tertiary structure
middle:middle||actually enhance ER function similar
right:behavior||dramatic decrease in the number of
middle:middle||novel gain of function mechanism
left:behavior||roles for p53 mutations compared
middle:middle||and reduced CSNK1D activity impairs
right:behavior||function mutations in the negative regulators
right:behavior||that mutations in the HER2 kinase
right:behavior||against mutations in the kinase activating
right:behavior||missense mutations in the same position
right:behavior||significant effect on the transactivation function
right:behavior||protein involved in the initiation of
left:behavior||only the p53 mutations R158C
right:behavior||markedly reduced transcriptional activation activity
right:behavior||markedly decreased in the mutant PML
right:behavior||the decrease in the size of
right:behavior||the reduced transcriptional transactivation was
right:behavior||GTP hydrolysis in the switch II
right:behavior||profound effects on the constitutive and
left:behavior||nucleophilic water in the hydrolysis of
right:behavior||FLT3 mutations in the activation loop
middle:middle||potentially reduced kinase activity and
right:behavior||function mutations in the TGFÎ² type
right:behavior||structural effects can be assessed from
right:behavior||modest effect on the activity of
right:behavior||are involved in the regulation of
middle:middle||the reduced enzymatic activity of
right:behavior||is involved in the different types
middle:middle||RUNX2 function is involved in
right:behavior||measurable effect on the stability of
right:behavior||BCL10 mutations in the current study
right:behavior||for mutations in the GRD and
left:behavior||block the biological effects of
middle:middle||possible gain of function activity
right:behavior||Smad2 mutations on the same chromosome
left:behavior||for the cellular effects of
right:behavior||TP53 mutations in the tumours examined
middle:middle||PTEN activity is decreased or
right:behavior||profound effects on the efficacy of
right:behavior||or mutations in the gene encoding
right:behavior||functional impact on the progression of
left:behavior||optimal amount can be reduced at
right:behavior||an effect on the overall redox
right:behavior||functional impact on the pathway activity
right:behavior||stabilizing effect in the presence of
right:behavior||genes involved in the fusion belong
right:behavior||have mutations in the LKB1 gene
right:behavior||a reduced biological activity of
middle:middle||demonstrated gain of function properties
right:behavior||marked effects on the growth and
right:behavior||Activating mutations in the EGFR kinase
left:behavior||our data on the effect of
right:behavior||Somatic mutations in the TERT promoter
right:behavior||The increase in AR expression and
right:behavior||Point mutations in the FAT domain
left:behavior||mediated by protein effects or
right:behavior||these mutations in the pathogenesis of
middle:middle||that reduced RUNX1 activity increases
right:behavior||point mutations in the Smo gene
right:behavior||damaging effect on protein function by
middle:middle||confer gain of function was
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the EGFR gene
right:behavior||missense mutations in the PPP2R5D and
right:behavior||are involved in the pathogenesis of
middle:middle||exhibited gain of function enhancement
right:behavior||levels decreased in the G1 phase
right:behavior||BRAF mutations in the context of
right:behavior||be involved in the expression intensity
right:behavior||altering mutations in the ErbB pathway
right:behavior||Activating mutations in the PIK3CA gene
middle:middle||putative gain of function mutations
right:behavior||inhibitory effects on the kinase activity
right:behavior||KIT mutations can be used to
right:behavior||different mutations in the MET kinase
right:behavior||AXIN2 involved in the cytoplasmic degradation
right:behavior||function mutations in the PIK3CD gene
right:behavior||significantly decreased protein stability and
right:behavior||stronger impact on the regulation of
right:behavior||significance decrease in the level of
right:behavior||activating mutations in the juxtamembrane domain
middle:middle||with gain of function mutant
right:behavior||activating mutations in the cancer literature
right:behavior||inhibitory effects on the GAP activity
middle:middle||B activity and defective recruitment
right:behavior||showed decreased protein levels upon
right:behavior||attenuating mutations in the murine c
middle:middle||minimal increase in activity seen
right:behavior||an increase in the pool of
middle:middle||substantially reduced phosphatase activity toward
right:behavior||that mutations in the FRB and
right:behavior||be involved in the preferential utilization
left:behavior||in the biological effects observed
right:behavior||functional impact on the transcription of
right:behavior||stimulating effect on the Runx2 transactivation
middle:middle||which enhance transcriptional activity by
right:behavior||additional effects on the posttranscriptional regulation
right:behavior||the mutations in the PMI gene
right:behavior||complete effect can be considered as
right:behavior||structures involved in the autonomic regulation
middle:middle||were involved in role for
right:behavior||function mutations in the receptor tyrosine
middle:middle||of gain of function and
middle:middle||has decreased kinase activity and
right:behavior||significant impact on the receptor activity
right:behavior||Somatic mutations in the nearby PIP2
right:behavior||point mutations in the ALK tyrosine
right:behavior||with mutations in the ATM gene
middle:middle||to defective FANCC function in
middle:middle||relevant role for mutations in
right:behavior||directly involved in the promoter switch
right:behavior||missense mutations in the IARC TP53
right:behavior||a shift in the conformational equilibrium
right:behavior||of mutations in the extended NF1
right:behavior||detrimental effect on the kinase activity
middle:middle||an increase in activity of
right:behavior||conserved mutations in the RET and
left:behavior||limited information on the impact of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the cognate positions
middle:middle||that gain of function KIT
right:behavior||is reduced in the presence of
right:behavior||for mutations in the hMSH2 gene
right:behavior||that mutations in the tyrosine kinase
middle:middle||exhibit gain of function transforming
left:behavior||the aberrant biological consequences of
middle:middle||also reduced exonuclease activity without
right:behavior||similar consequences on protein function have
right:behavior||Somatic mutations in the Cancer Genome
right:behavior||mechanisms involved in the cell growth
middle:middle||individual mutations on activity that
middle:middle||showed decreased catalytic activity in
middle:middle||their capacity to deregulate cellular
middle:middle||and gain of function of
middle:middle||may increase the activity of
right:behavior||function mutations in the APC tumor
right:behavior||are involved in the development of
right:behavior||significant increase in the level of
right:behavior||slight decrease in kinase activity of
right:behavior||The mutations in the CLS that
left:behavior||EGFRexerts its biological effect by
middle:middle||oxidase activity is involved in
left:behavior||two different p53 mutations are
middle:middle||that reduced SHP2 activity in
right:behavior||and mutations in the catalytic domain
right:behavior||show defective protein folding or
right:behavior||induced mutations in the activation of
right:behavior||proteins involved in transcriptional regulation and
right:behavior||similar effects in the HDF proliferation
middle:middle||the decreased transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||be involved in the manifestation of
right:behavior||by mutations in the tumors that
right:behavior||the mutations in the iSH2 domain
left:behavior||have focused on the consequences of
left:behavior||with dysfunctional p53 mutations can
right:behavior||kinase mutations can be used to
right:behavior||proteins involved in the induction of
left:behavior||these splicing pathway mutations and
right:behavior||of mutations in the b2m gene
right:behavior||profound effects on the genomic integrity
right:behavior||genes involved in the MMR process
middle:middle||and gain of function by
right:behavior||an increase in the hematopoietic progenitor
right:behavior||type mutations in the PTEN tumor
right:behavior||slight increase in kinase activity in
right:behavior||its effects on the transcriptional activity
right:behavior||is defective in the proteolysis and
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the promoter of
right:behavior||no effect on the overall activity
right:behavior||Distinct mutations in the TP53 gene
left:behavior||biological and transcriptional consequences of
middle:middle||might impact kinase activity is
left:behavior||might depend on the mutations present
right:behavior||similar impact on the function of
right:behavior||known impact on the transcriptional activation
right:behavior||similar effect on the loss of
right:behavior||an increase in the number of
right:behavior||functional effects can be to cause
right:behavior||point mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||be involved in the chimeric genes
right:behavior||function mutations in the WT1 tumor
right:behavior||significant shift in the zone of
right:behavior||fold increase in the expression of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the catalytic domains
right:behavior||are involved in the progression of
right:behavior||inhibitory effect on the constitutive activity
right:behavior||functional effects on the regulation of
right:behavior||hotspot mutations in the L3 loop
left:behavior||fact that p53 gain of
right:behavior||an increase in the levels of
right:behavior||further increase in the hyperactivity of
middle:middle||to enhance kinase activity and
right:behavior||resistance mutations in the ALK kinase
middle:middle||severely reduced kinase activity and
right:behavior||engineered mutations in the p110Î± kinase
right:behavior||a decrease in the stability of
right:behavior||deletion mutations in the other helicase
right:behavior||mutations increase protein levels CCND1
middle:middle||a gain of function polymorphic
right:behavior||resistance mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||the reduced p53 protein levels
right:behavior||function mutations in the KIT gene
middle:middle||slightly reduced transactivation activity than
middle:middle||EBPÎ± function is involved in
right:behavior||be involved in the development of
right:behavior||is involved in transcriptional silencing in
right:behavior||further effect on the catalytic activity
middle:middle||GAP activity is reduced in
right:behavior||secondary mutations in the targeted kinase
left:behavior||the difference in the effect of
middle:middle||a role of decreased DNA
right:behavior||point mutations in the BeAtMuSiC method
right:behavior||that mutations in the ABD domain
right:behavior||truncating mutations in the RAS GAP
middle:middle||Myc activity is defective at
middle:middle||a gain of function over
middle:middle||profound effect on function and
right:behavior||The effects on the stability and
left:behavior||recognize the p53 mutations affecting
right:behavior||have effects on protein function and
middle:middle||to enhance TSC2 function by
right:behavior||function mutations in the JM and
right:behavior||the mutations on the conformation in
right:behavior||had reduced cellular dependence on
right:behavior||the effect on the transcriptional activity
left:behavior||No difference in the impact of
right:behavior||point mutations in the response element
right:behavior||that mutations in the JAK2 gene
middle:middle||as gain of function mutations
right:behavior||as mutations in the splice sites
left:behavior||frequency of p53 mutations in
right:behavior||of mutations in the H3K36 trimethyltransferase
right:behavior||the mutations in the helical domain
right:behavior||function mutations on the p53 transcriptional
middle:middle||has reduced phosphatase activity toward
right:behavior||with mutations in the putative binding
right:behavior||these mutations can be explained on
right:behavior||be involved in the association of
right:behavior||noticeable effect on the alternative splicing
right:behavior||missense mutations in the same codon
right:behavior||point mutations in the JM domain
right:behavior||the effect on protein function is
right:behavior||be involved in the pathogenesis of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the CTCF ZF
middle:middle||a reduced biological activity of
middle:middle||not increase the activity of
middle:middle||were gain of function in
middle:middle||clustered mutations may function as
right:behavior||genes involved in the TP53 pathway
right:behavior||intracellular mutations in the TrkA activation
left:behavior||effects of p53 mutations on
middle:middle||shRNA decreased this activity by
left:behavior||Smad3 differ in their effect on
right:behavior||indeterminate effects on the functions of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the NF2 gene
right:behavior||PTPN11 mutations in the pathogenesis of
middle:middle||exhibit gain of function allowing
middle:middle||and gain of function mutations
right:behavior||have mutations in the ERBB4 gene
middle:middle||to enhance oncogenic activity while
right:behavior||that enhances the catalytic lipid kinase
middle:middle||weak gain of function is
right:behavior||function mutations in the Notch1 gene
middle:middle||all mutations reduced activity with
right:behavior||functional consequences in the two family
middle:middle||substantially reduced the capacity of
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the PIK3CA molecule
left:behavior||presence of p53 mutations in
left:behavior||of the cellular impact of
right:behavior||major effect on the catalytic or
left:behavior||although their biological consequences remain
right:behavior||function mutations in the same pathway
left:behavior||and their cellular consequences specifically
right:behavior||and shift in the helical axis
right:behavior||subtle effect on the function of
right:behavior||an increase in the myeloblast count
right:behavior||greatest effects on the activity of
left:behavior||may differ in their impact on
right:behavior||point mutations in the catalytic domain
right:behavior||no impact on the protein function
left:behavior||to mediate p53 effects but
middle:middle||also enhance kinase activity by
middle:middle||are gain of function mutations
right:behavior||apoptotic effects in the absence of
right:behavior||of mutations on the structures of
right:behavior||of mutations in the intracellular domains
right:behavior||residues involved in the SMAD complex
right:behavior||cooperative mutations in the latter and
middle:middle||a gain of function mutation
right:behavior||A530V mutations in the HIF2Î± gene
right:behavior||share mutations in the major driver
right:behavior||its effect on the biochemical and
right:behavior||to increase pathway activation and
left:behavior||DNA binding protein involved in
middle:middle||also reduced the activity of
left:behavior||how different p53 mutations might
right:behavior||ATRX mutations in the initial tumor
right:behavior||ALK mutations in the tumorigenesis of
right:behavior||drastic effect on the ability of
right:behavior||of mutations in the data set
right:behavior||strong effect on the tyrosine kinase
right:behavior||no effects on the differentiation of
right:behavior||the mutations in the patient samples
right:behavior||could impact on the selection for
right:behavior||missense mutations in the GRD reported
middle:middle||that decreased MEF2B activity promotes
right:behavior||prognostic impact in the intermediate cytogenetic
middle:middle||which reduced their capacity for
right:behavior||an increase in the copy number
middle:middle||The gain of function V617F
right:behavior||to reduced p53 specific activity
middle:middle||its gain of function is
middle:middle||a reduced phosphatase activity toward
right:behavior||an effect on the function of
right:behavior||their effect on the transactivating activity
right:behavior||significant effect on protein function when
right:behavior||genes involved in the MAPK and
right:behavior||germline mutations in the transcription factor
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the degradation signals
right:behavior||induced increase in the number of
right:behavior||cancer mutations on the RET kinase
right:behavior||ATM mutations on the behavior of
right:behavior||those involved in the SHH signaling
right:behavior||pathways involved in the control of
right:behavior||these mutations in the etiology of
right:behavior||rare mutations in the cancer process
middle:middle||an increase in activity when
middle:middle||has reduced transactivation capacity with
right:behavior||significant increase in their ability to
right:behavior||specific mutations can be monitored with
right:behavior||function mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||that mutations in the EGFR gene
right:behavior||those mutations on the activity levels
right:behavior||missense mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||appreciable effect on the HDR activity
left:behavior||believethat recessive p53 mutations probably
middle:middle||of function EGFR mutations in
left:behavior||in determining biological effects of
right:behavior||states involved in their functional cycles
middle:middle||strongly reduced HAT activity while
right:behavior||SDHB mutations in the HPGL tumours
right:behavior||genes involved in biological adhesion and
middle:middle||apparent gain of function as
right:behavior||similar impact on the transactivation capacity
right:behavior||function mutations in the ectodomain of
right:behavior||little effect on the inhibitory activity
right:behavior||deletion mutations in the BRCA1 BRCT
middle:middle||or gain of activity in
right:behavior||of mutations in the tyrosine kinase
middle:middle||also increase MAPK activity and
right:behavior||Resistance mutations in the target kinase
right:behavior||NOTCH1 mutations can be found in
right:behavior||the increase in AR expressionand transcriptional
right:behavior||be involved in the resistance of
right:behavior||D538G mutations in the recurrent anti
right:behavior||opposite effects on the capacity of
right:behavior||dependent increase in the expression of
right:behavior||by mutations in the AR ligand
right:behavior||Point mutations in the JM domain
right:behavior||observable effect on the differentiation state
right:behavior||function mutations in the BRCA1 and
middle:middle||BMX enhances the activity of
right:behavior||dramatic increase in the proliferative and
left:behavior||classes of p53 mutations may
middle:middle||a gain of function resulting
right:behavior||was decreased in the absence of
right:behavior||include mutations in the adenomatous polyposis
middle:middle||with defective ATPase activity were
right:behavior||events involved in the development of
right:behavior||no effect on the production or
right:behavior||be involved in the negative modulation
middle:middle||not increase ERK2 activity basally
right:behavior||activating mutations in the tyrosine kinase
middle:middle||CUL3 function could increase NRF2
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the 35 HCA
right:behavior||Beside mutations in the coding region
middle:middle||a gain of function enabling
right:behavior||generate mutations in the BRCA1 C
right:behavior||significant increase in the population of
left:behavior||cells with p53 mutations carry
right:behavior||missense mutations in the functional LIM
right:behavior||differing effects on the survival fraction
left:behavior||Among fifty p53 mutations identified
middle:middle||To gain full activity toward
right:behavior||a decrease in the normahmutant ratio
middle:middle||severely decreased RUNX1 activity in
right:behavior||Asp65 mutations in the Y35A mutant
right:behavior||mechanisms involved in the gain of
middle:middle||a reduced glycosylation capacity of
left:behavior||must be in the reduced state
right:behavior||18 mutations in the E3 ligase
right:behavior||possesses reduced transcriptional transactivation activity
right:behavior||missense mutations in the BRCT domains
right:behavior||an increase in the proportion of
right:behavior||genes involved in the cell cycle
right:behavior||dependent decrease in the ability of
middle:middle||where impact on function can
middle:middle||retain activity against mutations at
right:behavior||whether mutations in the S34 and
left:behavior||activity and on the reduced signaling
right:behavior||carrying mutations in the BRCA1 gene
middle:middle||original gain of function KIT
middle:middle||mutants gain enzymatic function and
right:behavior||is involved in the pathogenesis of
middle:middle||undergo gain of function in
left:behavior||the possible biological consequences of
right:behavior||negligibly reduced protein levels despite
right:behavior||an increase in the ALK protein
right:behavior||their effects on the activity and
right:behavior||somatic mutations in their encoding genes
middle:middle||or gain of function mutation
right:behavior||no effect in the present study
middle:middle||to enhance kinase activity of
right:behavior||are defective in their tumor suppressor
right:behavior||whereas mutations in the same pathway
right:behavior||occurring mutations in the spliceosomal gene
right:behavior||no effect on the function of
right:behavior||an impact on the MMC resistance
right:behavior||significant impact on the catalytic activity
right:behavior||these mutations on the structure and
right:behavior||no effect on the transforming activity
right:behavior||and mutations in the BRCA1 gene
right:behavior||no effect on the cell cycle
middle:middle||severely defective HSC function in
right:behavior||missense mutations in the BRCA2 DBD
left:behavior||focused here on the mutations identified
middle:middle||could enhance the activity of
right:behavior||variable mutations in the NF2 tumor
right:behavior||pathogenic mutations on the HDR activity
right:behavior||The mutations in the p110Î± hot
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the TK domain
right:behavior||Such mutations can be suspected to
right:behavior||isolateactivating mutations in the region of
right:behavior||an increase in their ability to
right:behavior||same mutations in the wild type
middle:middle||site reduced the activity of
right:behavior||is involved in the negative regulation
right:behavior||their effects on the biochemical activity
right:behavior||ALL mutations in the three different
middle:middle||in gain of function studies
right:behavior||to mutations in the nucleotide sequence
middle:middle||CDKN2A mutations whose function has
right:behavior||KMT2D mutations in the proximity of
right:behavior||and mutations in the DNA mismatch
middle:middle||have gain of function and
right:behavior||critically involved in the binding of
right:behavior||activating mutations can be divided into
right:behavior||an increase in the p53 transactivation
right:behavior||of mutations on the SMARCA4 gene
right:behavior||the mutations on the local protein
middle:middle||fold increase in activity as
right:behavior||predicted effects on the Pim1 structure
right:behavior||RAS mutations in the pathogenesis of
right:behavior||truncating mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||inhibitory effect on the kinase activity
right:behavior||which decrease p53 activity by
right:behavior||double mutations in the same BCR
right:behavior||An increase in the nucleolar activity
right:behavior||rapid increase in the kinase activity
right:behavior||significant effect on the repair function
middle:middle||marked reduced apoptotic capacity of
right:behavior||sequential increase in the level of
middle:middle||a gain of function and
right:behavior||splice mutations in the PTEN gene
middle:middle||binding activity with defective degradation
middle:middle||ARv567es enhances ARfl activity in
right:behavior||an effect on protein structure and
right:behavior||The decrease in the transactivation activity
right:behavior||to deregulate cellular proliferation resulting
left:behavior||with Ras pathway mutations and
right:behavior||different mutations in the FGFR2 kinase
right:behavior||that mutations in the FAT domain
right:behavior||that mutations in the HD domain
right:behavior||these mutations on protein function and
middle:middle||variable gain of function of
right:behavior||observed increase in the binding affinity
right:behavior||an increase in the rate of
right:behavior||activating mutations in the Kras oncogene
right:behavior||F1174 mutations in the subset of
middle:middle||significantly reduced luciferase activity when
right:behavior||derived mutations can be attributed to
right:behavior||hotspot mutations in the helical and
right:behavior||MSH6 mutations in the 29 probands
right:behavior||for mutations in the CDKN1B coding
right:behavior||harbor mutations in the KIT gene
middle:middle||causing defective RHOA function and
right:behavior||V804 mutations can be found in
right:behavior||significant decrease in the proportion of
middle:middle||lower activity at decreased temperature
right:behavior||differential effect on the activities of
middle:middle||no increase in activity in
right:behavior||and mutations in the context of
right:behavior||a decrease in the numbers of
right:behavior||possible effect on the function of
right:behavior||no effect on protein function to
right:behavior||the effect on the L1196M mutant
left:behavior||wild type p53 involved in
right:behavior||and increase in the transforming potential
right:behavior||missense mutations in the Mlh1 gene
right:behavior||different effects in the context of
middle:middle||a gain of function that
middle:middle||The decrease in function might
middle:middle||that reduced KDM5C activity leads
middle:middle||a gain of function TP53
middle:middle||the increase in activity is
right:behavior||missense mutations in the region encoding
right:behavior||dramatic shift in the growth behavior
right:behavior||are involved in the DNA damage
middle:middle||markedly decreased dichroic activity in
right:behavior||domain mutations can be grouped into
right:behavior||has effects on the function of
middle:middle||additional gain of function in
right:behavior||are involved in the fusion events
right:behavior||deleterious effect on protein function for
right:behavior||type mutations in the remaining allele
middle:middle||EGFR activity and enhances the
right:behavior||the effect on the Km is
right:behavior||dependent increase in the reporter activity
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the catalytic subunit
right:behavior||two mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||function mutations in the EC domain
middle:middle||be gain of function mutations
right:behavior||genes involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||its effect on the ability of
left:behavior||interethnical differences in the effect of
middle:middle||These mutations likely function as
left:behavior||six different p53 mutations with
right:behavior||is involved in the pathogenesis and
right:behavior||an increase in the size of
right:behavior||791 mutations in the RET proto
left:behavior||pik3caH1047R and p53 mutations cooperate
right:behavior||new mutations in the Chinese hamster
left:behavior||of the biological effect of
middle:middle||which decrease p53 activity by
right:behavior||is involved in the control of
right:behavior||derived mutations in the STAG2 gene
middle:middle||mutation enhances JAK2 activity and
right:behavior||is involved in the cell death
right:behavior||opposite effects on the transactivation properties
right:behavior||proportional increase in the number of
right:behavior||germline mutations in the entire coding
right:behavior||any impact on the splicing phenotype
right:behavior||different effects on the proliferation and
middle:middle||PIK3R1 gain of function mutations
right:behavior||function mutations in the HIF2Î± gene
right:behavior||activating mutations in the KIT receptor
right:behavior||no effect on the constitutive activity
middle:middle||may increase PI3K activity by
right:behavior||moderate effects on the efficacy of
right:behavior||same effects on the downstream pathways
right:behavior||an increase in the lipid kinase
middle:middle||to increase the activity of
middle:middle||relative increase in activity in
middle:middle||introduce gain of function mutations
right:behavior||are involved in the recognition of
right:behavior||more involved in the regulation of
middle:middle||impaired activity BRAF mutations that
right:behavior||found mutations in the homologous exon
middle:middle||functional role of mutations of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the SET domain
right:behavior||might impact on the activity of
right:behavior||BRAF mutations in the aligned reads
right:behavior||little effect on the function of
right:behavior||differential effect on the regulation of
right:behavior||and mutations can be independent processes
right:behavior||proteins involved in the centrosome regulation
middle:middle||and reduced Smad3 activity in
right:behavior||RUNX1 mutations in the progression of
middle:middle||phosphatase activity was reduced by
right:behavior||oncogenic mutations in the PIK3CA gene
middle:middle||potential role for reduced expression
middle:middle||of function gene mutations involving
right:behavior||these mutations in the malignant transformation
right:behavior||a decrease in the transcription of
middle:middle||all gain of function mutations
right:behavior||of mutations in the FANCC gene
right:behavior||by mutations in the PI3K pathway
right:behavior||deleterious mutations in the Cterminal part
middle:middle||missense gain of function mutants
right:behavior||are involved in the early stages
right:behavior||profound effect on the TKI sensitivity
middle:middle||the decreased transformation activity of
right:behavior||than reduced p53 protein levels
left:behavior||ATM mutations in their effect on
right:behavior||their effect on the FL activity
right:behavior||function mutations in the hopscotch locus
right:behavior||from mutations in the ATRX protein
middle:middle||which increase biological activity are
middle:middle||steep decrease of activity was
left:behavior||naturally occurring p53 mutations causes
right:behavior||different mutations in the Met tyrosine
right:behavior||a shift in the sole dependence
right:behavior||R mutations on the conformations of
middle:middle||kinase activity must effect a
right:behavior||pair mutations in the MEK coding
middle:middle||we decreased the activity of
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the CLS show
right:behavior||of mutations in the oligomerization or
right:behavior||secondary mutations in the pathogenic kinase
right:behavior||greater increase in the levels of
left:behavior||specific differences in the effects of
middle:middle||transactivation activity and mutations linked
middle:middle||expressing gain of function ARVs
right:behavior||the mutations in the stabilization of
left:behavior||ligand resulted in the increase in
right:behavior||proteins involved in the spindle checkpoint
middle:middle||RAS mutations to function as
left:behavior||5 Aberrant transcriptional effects of
right:behavior||mutation impact in the context of
right:behavior||significant effects on the change in
middle:middle||ezrinT567D enhances SOScat activity by
right:behavior||thereby increase the catalytic activity of
left:behavior||have different biological consequences remains
right:behavior||deleterious effects on protein activity as
middle:middle||sites reduced the activity of
right:behavior||activating mutations in the ALK tyrosine
middle:middle||frequently increase enzymatic activity in
right:behavior||its effect on the deubiquitinase activity
left:behavior||R280T mutant p53 reduced PTEN
middle:middle||catalytic activity is reduced 3
middle:middle||The increase in activity also
right:behavior||NRAS mutations on protein function and
right:behavior||primarily involved in the control of
middle:middle||with reduced kinase activity still
right:behavior||a shift in the reading frame
middle:middle||little effect on function and
middle:middle||shoulder function and enhance the
right:behavior||of mutations on the RING domain
right:behavior||significant decrease in the levels of
right:behavior||PTEN mutations in the MSI and
right:behavior||germline mutations in the MMR genes
right:behavior||functional impact on the expressed protein
right:behavior||of mutations on the activity of
right:behavior||that mutations in the involved proteins
middle:middle||kinase activity and decreased its
right:behavior||be involved in the inhibition of
middle:middle||in reduced phosphatase activity of
right:behavior||ASXL1 mutations in the progression of
right:behavior||site involved in the transcriptional activation
middle:middle||of function mutationsAlthough mutations resulting
middle:middle||mutations increase RTK activity by
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the ErbB family
middle:middle||a gain of function for
middle:middle||The reduced exonuclease activity of
right:behavior||fold increase in the enzymatic activity
right:behavior||marked decrease in the protein level
middle:middle||this activity is defective in
right:behavior||with mutations in the adenosine triphosphate
right:behavior||by mutations in the BRCA1 and
left:behavior||where either p53 mutations or
middle:middle||a gain in function can
middle:middle||a gain of function of
middle:middle||significantly decreased transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||is involved in the structure and
middle:middle||mutations impact Fbw7 function intermediate
right:behavior||PPP2R1A mutations in the development of
right:behavior||is involved in the supraspinal regulation
right:behavior||was involved in the majority of
left:behavior||our finding on the reduced DNA
right:behavior||knockdown reduced cellular chemotactic capacity
right:behavior||frameshift mutations in the gastric and
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the small GTPase
middle:middle||in decreased CDK2 activity and
right:behavior||identical mutations in the p300 AT
middle:middle||a gain of function tumor
middle:middle||a role for gain of
right:behavior||candidate mutations in the receptor tyrosine
right:behavior||an increase in the transactivation activity
right:behavior||predominant mutations in the clinically identified
right:behavior||function mutations in the gene encoding
right:behavior||TP53 mutations in the genesis of
right:behavior||addictive effect on the mTOR kinase
middle:middle||the increase in activity to
middle:middle||the capacity to enhance expression
left:behavior||samples bearing p53 mutations Transcriptional
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the tumor suppressor
middle:middle||ERK2 activity was decreased dramatically
right:behavior||neuromodulators involved in the regulation of
middle:middle||the gain of function associated
left:behavior||significance of p53 mutations rendering
right:behavior||Targeted mutations in the murine Met
right:behavior||missense mutations in the MH2 domains
middle:middle||Fc18 reduced the activity of
right:behavior||function mutations in the adhesion phenotype
right:behavior||of mutations in the human p110
middle:middle||of function DICER1 mutations in
right:behavior||greater effect in the presence of
middle:middle||expressed reduced apoptotic capacity compared
right:behavior||function mutations in the corresponding H3K27
right:behavior||that reduced cellular transformation in
right:behavior||be involved in the determination of
right:behavior||that mutations in the spliceosomal gene
right:behavior||these mutations on the ability of
middle:middle||gene activity was reduced compared
right:behavior||include mutations in the extracellular ligand
right:behavior||be involved in the repression of
left:behavior||induced cytostatic cellular effects depend
left:behavior||and the biological effects of
right:behavior||no effect on the ability to
right:behavior||inhibitory effects on the combined mutants
middle:middle||the reduced phosphatase activity and
right:behavior||SF3B1 mutations in the pathogenesis of
right:behavior||be involved in the late event
middle:middle||a gain of function STAT5
right:behavior||LKB1 mutations in the cohort used
right:behavior||that mutations in the elongin binding
middle:middle||might impact the function of
right:behavior||associated mutations in the isocitrate dehydrogenase
middle:middle||moderately increase Ras activity in
right:behavior||is involved in the growth and
right:behavior||is involved in the antiproliferative action
right:behavior||little effect on the activity of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the same genes
left:behavior||exert their biological effects has
right:behavior||inhibitory effect on the transactivation activity
right:behavior||2 mutations in the formation of
left:behavior||has a biological impact on
middle:middle||greatly enhances the activity of
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the tumor that
middle:middle||on function for mutations at
middle:middle||to increase catalytic activity of
right:behavior||also involved in the development of
right:behavior||an increase in the frequency and
right:behavior||mapping mutations on the crystal structure
right:behavior||genes involved in the MAPK signaling
middle:middle||different gain of function mutants
right:behavior||and involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||PDGFRA mutations in the large series
right:behavior||the effect on the level of
middle:middle||fold increase in activity with
right:behavior||fold increase in the number of
right:behavior||activity involved in the regulation of
left:behavior||that the biological consequences of
right:behavior||germline mutations in the coding sequences
middle:middle||showed reduced phosphatase activity of
left:behavior||a difference in the effects of
middle:middle||be gain of function in
middle:middle||exhibited decreased transactivation activity but
right:behavior||ARID1A mutations in the context of
left:behavior||divergent data on the impact of
right:behavior||this effect can be mimicked by
right:behavior||to enhance cellular proliferation and
right:behavior||FOXO1 effects on the PPARÎ³1 promoter
right:behavior||phenotypic effects on the function of
right:behavior||have effects on protein function that
right:behavior||mechanism involved in the oncogenic role
right:behavior||little effect on the ability of
left:behavior||were interested in the impact of
middle:middle||to gain of function are
right:behavior||point mutations in the p16 Introduction
right:behavior||a decrease in the proportion of
middle:middle||either decreased enzymatic activity or
left:behavior||that mutations in the involved proteins
right:behavior||which enhance transcriptional activity by
middle:middle||markedly reduced exonuclease activity does
left:behavior||clinical and cellular consequences of
right:behavior||frequently involved in the genetic alterations
right:behavior||significant impact on the metastatic potential
right:behavior||BRCA1 mutations in the two C
right:behavior||an increase in the intracellular AMP
right:behavior||function mutations in the receptor for
middle:middle||their reduced kinase activity compared
right:behavior||functional mutations in the kinase domain
right:behavior||significant decrease in the phosphorylation of
middle:middle||negative activity and gain of
right:behavior||different mutations in the same gene
middle:middle||partial decrease of activity on
right:behavior||specific mutations on the pivotal activities
right:behavior||of mutations in the more than
middle:middle||a reduced proliferative capacity and
right:behavior||constitutively enhance the catalytic activity of
right:behavior||marked decrease in the ability of
right:behavior||functional consequences on the ability of
right:behavior||obvious effect on the structure while
right:behavior||and involved in the complex machinery
right:behavior||regulatory mutations in the other five
right:behavior||as mutations in the TERT promoter
right:behavior||to enhance cellular fitness without
left:behavior||a nuclear protein involved in
left:behavior||correlations between p53 mutations and
right:behavior||subtle effects on the folding and
middle:middle||a reduced catalytic activity toward
right:behavior||deleterious mutations in the BRCA2 DNA
middle:middle||that decreased MEF2B activity tends
left:behavior||the missense p53 mutations abrogate
right:behavior||has effects on the transforming activity
right:behavior||cateningene mutations in the different types
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the ATM gene
right:behavior||differential effects on the regulation of
right:behavior||the mutations can be tentatively placed
left:behavior||work focusing on the effects of
right:behavior||no mutations in the mutational hotspots
right:behavior||some mutations in the C terminus
middle:middle||transcriptional activity and reduced TP53INP1
middle:middle||kinase activity and reduced affinity
right:behavior||germline mutations in the FGFR genes
right:behavior||significant decrease in the percentage of
left:behavior||II Feline p53 mutations reported
right:behavior||function mutations in the form of
middle:middle||a reduced transactivation capacity of
right:behavior||be involved in the lack of
middle:middle||not increase ERK activity in
middle:middle||have reduced catalytic activity and
middle:middle||This increase in activity was
right:behavior||associated mutations in the switch III
right:behavior||function mutations in the NF1 tumor
right:behavior||these mutations in the respective screens
left:behavior||confers different biological effects than
right:behavior||intrinsic effect on the rate of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the VHL disease
right:behavior||be involved in the control of
right:behavior||the mutations on the in vitro
right:behavior||inhibitory effect on the WT RUNX1
right:behavior||an effect on the proper function
left:behavior||assess the biological consequences of
left:behavior||general acid in the hydrolysis of
middle:middle||the reduced catalytic activity that
left:behavior||of the biological effects including
middle:middle||of gain of function for
right:behavior||reasonable effect on the second step
middle:middle||of function BAP1 mutations may
left:behavior||structures focus on the effects of
right:behavior||of mutations in the gene among
right:behavior||to deregulate cellular homeostasis in
right:behavior||point mutations in the BRCA1 protein
right:behavior||have effects on the microenvironment that
middle:middle||further enhances the activity of
left:behavior||of the p53 mutations were
left:behavior||cases implying p53 mutations and
right:behavior||function mutations in the CREBBP histone
right:behavior||no effect on the catalytic function
right:behavior||different effects on the ability of
middle:middle||strongly reduced AT activity but
middle:middle||missense gain of function mutations
right:behavior||regulator involved in the initiation of
right:behavior||its effect on the FL activity
right:behavior||of mutations on the JAK2 activity
right:behavior||are involved in the recruitment of
right:behavior||nuclei involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||or decreased transcriptional activation capability
right:behavior||NRAS mutations on the progression of
right:behavior||proteins involved in the control of
right:behavior||moderate decrease in the ErbB2 kinase
middle:middle||promoter activity does increase despite
middle:middle||these mutations might function as
middle:middle||of gain of function activities
right:behavior||no impact on the kinetics of
right:behavior||mechanism involved in the aggressive behavior
middle:middle||retain activity against mutations that
right:behavior||a decrease in the similarity of
right:behavior||acids involved in the interaction of
right:behavior||point mutations on the kinase activity
middle:middle||its reduced kinase activity Stk11
right:behavior||pathways involved in the stability of
left:behavior||key differences in the effect of
right:behavior||domains decrease the catalytic activity of
right:behavior||be involved in the process of
right:behavior||inactivating mutations in the remaining PMS2
right:behavior||point mutations in the different tumours
right:behavior||no effect on the transcriptional activity
right:behavior||a decrease in the appropriate target
middle:middle||to increase basal activity of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the exon 19
left:behavior||mechanisms involved in the gain of
right:behavior||significantly decreased the enzymatic activity with
right:behavior||to mutations in the absence of
right:behavior||Although mutations in the receptor tyrosine
right:behavior||an increase in the vascular permeability
right:behavior||with mutations in the kinase activation
right:behavior||an impact on the risk of
middle:middle||the reduced promoter activity in
right:behavior||fivefold increase in the rate of
middle:middle||have reduced phosphatase activity and
right:behavior||is involved in the turnover of
right:behavior||inhibitory effects on the activity of
right:behavior||of mutations in the same gene
right:behavior||ERCC2 mutations in the responder group
right:behavior||differential effect on the survival of
right:behavior||that mutations in the hvr or
right:behavior||PTPN11 mutations on the function of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the RNase IIIb
middle:middle||A decrease in activity was
right:behavior||spaced mutations in the FGFR3 receptor
right:behavior||hotspot mutations in the same cancer
right:behavior||of mutations on the kinase activity
right:behavior||MPL mutations in the different hematopoietic
right:behavior||cluster mutations in the corresponding regions
left:behavior||impact of p53 mutations and
right:behavior||subtle effects on protein function not
middle:middle||little effect on activity of
left:behavior||Whether different p53 mutations differ
middle:middle||acquired gain of function participating
middle:middle||ADI reduced transcriptional activity to
middle:middle||the role of defective MMR
right:behavior||Structural mutations in the L3 loop
middle:middle||demonstrate gain of function including
right:behavior||be involved in the central modulation
middle:middle||K activity was decreased along
right:behavior||truncating mutations in the mutation cluster
right:behavior||functional impact on the R882 mutations
right:behavior||function mutations in the TET2 gene
right:behavior||inactivating mutations in the PH domain
right:behavior||function mutations in the receptor genes
right:behavior||the consequences on protein activity resulting
left:behavior||consequence of p53 mutations consists
right:behavior||SMO mutations in the Catalogue of
right:behavior||of mutations on the substrate binding
right:behavior||secondary mutations in the target of
middle:middle||p53 gain of function mutants
middle:middle||that enhance receptor activity cause
right:behavior||noncysteine mutations in the extracellular domain
right:behavior||proteins involved in the MAPK pathway
right:behavior||with defective protein expression or
middle:middle||have reduced kinase activity towards
right:behavior||significantly decreased transcriptional activity of
right:behavior||be involved in the differentiation of
right:behavior||their impact on the functions of
right:behavior||these mutations on the activity of
middle:middle||for gain of function BRCA1
middle:middle||same role to increase stability
middle:middle||significantly reduced telomerase activity after
right:behavior||Point mutations in the RHD of
right:behavior||any increase in the phosphotransferase activity
right:behavior||have decreased p53 protein levels
right:behavior||severe effects on protein function as
right:behavior||for mutations in the retained copy
middle:middle||with reduced p19ARF activity have
right:behavior||an increase in the efficiency of
left:behavior||have significant biological consequences that
left:behavior||effect of p53 mutations may
middle:middle||harbored gain of function mutations
right:behavior||their effect on the predicted protein
right:behavior||large decrease in the affinity between
middle:middle||to decreased secretory activity of
right:behavior||by mutations in the exon III
middle:middle||its role to increase MYC
right:behavior||that mutations in the switch III
right:behavior||could enhance the enzymatic activity of
right:behavior||functional mutations in the presence of
right:behavior||destabilizing effect on the inactive form
right:behavior||ERBB2 mutations in the development of
middle:middle||mutation reduced telomerase activity to
right:behavior||the mutations in the C2 domain
left:behavior||regarding the cellular consequences of
middle:middle||2 gain of function than
middle:middle||moderately reduced binding capacity compared
right:behavior||specific mutations in the mediator complex
right:behavior||mechanisms involved in their different biological
middle:middle||a reduced transactivation activity relative
right:behavior||and hydrolysis in the function of
right:behavior||global effects on the catalytic functions
left:behavior||Though studies on the effects of
right:behavior||of mutations in the TET2 gene
right:behavior||whose effects can be seen in
right:behavior||an increase in the transcriptional activity
right:behavior||point mutations in the HMG domain
left:behavior||biochemical and biological effects than
middle:middle||complexes function to effect MMC
right:behavior||small effect on the transcriptional activity
right:behavior||the mutations in their pathogenesis is
middle:middle||oncogenic role of defective T286
right:behavior||that mutations in the discoidin domain
right:behavior||with mutations in the VHL gene
right:behavior||their effect on the activation mechanism
middle:middle||neuroblastoma mutations on activity of
right:behavior||different effect on the binding to
right:behavior||further increase in the expression of
right:behavior||peptidases involved in the processing and
middle:middle||a gain of function role
right:behavior||novo mutations in the same 9
right:behavior||minor mutations in the clinical outcome
right:behavior||and enhances the catalytic activity of
right:behavior||frameshift mutations in the TGFBR2 gene
middle:middle||of reduced KDM5C activity in
right:behavior||genes involved in the same oncogenic
right:behavior||SHP2 mutations on the intrinsic phosphatase
right:behavior||germline mutations in the gatekeeper residue
middle:middle||might function to enhance kinase
middle:middle||to decrease its activity in
right:behavior||significant effect on the ability of
right:behavior||secondary mutations in the ATP pocket
right:behavior||whether mutations in the MET protooncogene
right:behavior||an effect on the phosphatase activity
right:behavior||its effects on protein structure and
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the remaining CIC
right:behavior||an increase in the clinical doses
right:behavior||minimal effect on the activity of
right:behavior||p110Î± mutations on the structural model
right:behavior||missense mutations in the gene encoding
middle:middle||negligible effects on function are
middle:middle||kinase activity is reduced relative
left:behavior||that functional p53 mutations appear
right:behavior||an increase in the risk of
right:behavior||KIT mutations in their age at
right:behavior||MED12 mutations in the genesis of
right:behavior||function mutations in the gene KIT
right:behavior||sense mutations in the same gene
right:behavior||point mutations in the tyrosine kinase
left:behavior||Although the transcriptional effects associated
right:behavior||its effects on protein stability and
right:behavior||because mutations in the Smad3 gene
middle:middle||Impaired function or reduced expression
middle:middle||To gain full activity towards
left:behavior||screen of p53 mutations did
middle:middle||Hh activity was reduced by
middle:middle||S2215Y enhances transforming activity of
middle:middle||ubiquitylation capacity and defective trafficking
right:behavior||biological impact on the function of
middle:middle||Ets2ÎN331 reduced the activity of
left:behavior||determining the biological effects of
middle:middle||kinase activity is reduced upon
right:behavior||Y578C mutations on the same molecule
middle:middle||of function somatic mutations in
middle:middle||exhibit reduced phosphatase activity and
right:behavior||recurrent mutations in the epidermal growth
middle:middle||the gain of function somatic
right:behavior||altering mutations in the melanomas and
right:behavior||no effects on the JAK2 activity
middle:middle||since gain of function mutations
middle:middle||of reduced AKT3 activity on
right:behavior||have consequences on the recruitment of
right:behavior||functional consequences in the signaling pathway
right:behavior||TD mutations on the activity and
right:behavior||HER4 mutations can be found in
right:behavior||that mutations in the conserved nucleotide
right:behavior||inactivating mutations in the tumor suppressor
right:behavior||by hydrolysis in the crystal is
right:behavior||larger effect on the binding of
right:behavior||negative effects on the mitogenic activity
left:behavior||with functional p53 mutations and
right:behavior||no effect on the membrane binding
right:behavior||missense mutations in the extracellular domain
left:behavior||further insights in the reduced transforming
middle:middle||both reduced the activity of
middle:middle||is involved E3 activity of
middle:middle||functional role SF3B1 mutations may
middle:middle||apoptotic function at reduced temperatures
left:behavior||of different p53 mutations were
middle:middle||dramatically reduced binding capacity to
right:behavior||their impact on the properties of
middle:middle||to increase RET activity and
right:behavior||L540Q mutations in the h ERÎ±
middle:middle||inhibition decreased Hh activity and
right:behavior||pronounced decrease in the clonogenic capacity
right:behavior||KIT mutations in the presence of
right:behavior||that mutations in the extracellular matrix
right:behavior||specific mutations in the nSH2 domain
right:behavior||which increase biological activity are
right:behavior||is involved in the modulation of
right:behavior||no effect on the mismatchbinding activity
right:behavior||activating mutations in the RAS genes
left:behavior||Pik3ca and p53 mutations cooperate
right:behavior||dependent decrease in the phosphotyrosine content
right:behavior||TERT mutations in the four tumour
right:behavior||function mutations on the homology model
right:behavior||smaller effect on the inhibitory activity
right:behavior||resistant mutations on the intrinsic kinase
right:behavior||genes involved in the cellular responses
middle:middle||no capacity or reduced capacity
right:behavior||site mutations in the RTK domain
right:behavior||genes involved in the oxidative stress
middle:middle||markedly decreased luciferase activity induced
right:behavior||function mutations in the PTEN gene
right:behavior||moderately reduced transcriptional transactivation capacity
right:behavior||of mutations in the Cbl family
right:behavior||Point mutations in the hopscotch locus
middle:middle||have gain of function mutations
right:behavior||that mutations in the linker region
right:behavior||their effect on the ETV6 protein
right:behavior||or decrease in the percentage of
middle:middle||if reduced merlin function in
right:behavior||has decreased transcriptional activity compared
right:behavior||not involved in the toxicity of
left:behavior||for different p53 mutations is
right:behavior||be involved in the import of
right:behavior||are defective in their responsiveness to
right:behavior||specific mutations in the EGFR TK
middle:middle||inherent gain of function in
right:behavior||from mutations in the b2m gene
right:behavior||is involved in the mechanism of
middle:middle||mutants gain oncogenic function through
right:behavior||missense mutations in the MH2 domain
right:behavior||function mutations in the tyrosine kinase
right:behavior||large decrease in the constitutive activity
right:behavior||fold increase in the levels of
middle:middle||This gain of function mutation
right:behavior||no effect on the response of
right:behavior||different mutations in the same cancer
middle:middle||and activity of mutations observed
right:behavior||specific impact on the target cell
right:behavior||a decrease in the levels of
middle:middle||also decreased the activity considerably
right:behavior||slight increase in kinase activity relative
right:behavior||negative effect on the function of
right:behavior||including mutations in the catalytic domain
right:behavior||An increase in AR activity in
middle:middle||transcriptional activity and decreased the
right:behavior||and mutations in the downstream signaling
middle:middle||or gain of function also
right:behavior||EGFR mutations in the increased invasiveness
right:behavior||kinase involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||large increase in the level of
left:behavior||of Ras pathway mutations could
left:behavior||directly involved in the hydrolysis reaction
right:behavior||deleterious effects on the MSH2 or
left:behavior||of different p53 mutations described
middle:middle||a decreased enzymatic activity of
right:behavior||enzyme involved in the synthesis of
middle:middle||a gain of function compared
right:behavior||significant increase in the activity of
left:behavior||lung adenocarcinoma in the involved mediastinal
left:behavior||to mutant p53 gain of
middle:middle||KIT gain of function mutations
middle:middle||and gain of function in
middle:middle||cantly decreased HR activity compared
right:behavior||BRAF mutations can be found in
right:behavior||of mutations in the coding regions
right:behavior||eight mutations in the PTEN coding
left:behavior||analysed the biological consequences of
right:behavior||point mutations in the juxtamembrane domain
right:behavior||to impact on the activity of
right:behavior||ALK mutations on the activity of
middle:middle||a gain of function remain
right:behavior||promoter mutations in the oncogenic processes
right:behavior||of mutations in the LATCH domain
right:behavior||breakpoints involved in the formation of
right:behavior||these mutations on the kinase activity
middle:middle||of reduced transforming activity and
right:behavior||functional impact on the HER2 protein
right:behavior||a decrease in the absolute number
right:behavior||strong impact on the enzymatic activity
right:behavior||their effects on the regulation of
right:behavior||dependent increase in the level of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the TSC1 gene
left:behavior||has greater biological consequences in
middle:middle||the gain of function of
middle:middle||with decreased catalytic activity or
right:behavior||different mutations in the Met kinase
middle:middle||displayed reduced ruffling activity in
right:behavior||new mutations in the ERCC3 gene
middle:middle||the decreased proliferative activity of
right:behavior||marked increase in the reactivity with
right:behavior||germline mutations in the above genes
middle:middle||or gain of function somatically
right:behavior||an increase in the numbers and
right:behavior||are involved in the response to
left:behavior||clones where p53 mutations have
right:behavior||not involved in the rapid turnover
right:behavior||activating mutations in the human RET
middle:middle||vessel function and increase metastasis
middle:middle||these mutations may function as
right:behavior||mutations increase transcriptional activity from
middle:middle||a gain of function in
middle:middle||cause gain of function in
right:behavior||ADI reduced transcriptional activity to
right:behavior||significant impact in the treatment of
right:behavior||cells involved in the regulation of
right:behavior||the mutations in the protein sequence
middle:middle||CDK2 activity and decreased levels
right:behavior||is involved in the onset of
right:behavior||neither mutations in the RING finger
middle:middle||these gain of function effects
middle:middle||the effect of activity of
right:behavior||that decreased the catalytic activity of
right:behavior||that mutations in the region of
right:behavior||missense mutations in the ARAF gene
right:behavior||the mutations in the predicted phospholipid
right:behavior||CBL mutations in the pathogenesis of
middle:middle||mutants increase ERK activity and
right:behavior||function mutations in the KIT locus
middle:middle||a reduced proliferation capacity in
right:behavior||two mutations in the gene encoding
right:behavior||its effect on the MMR activity
right:behavior||detectable increase in the levels of
right:behavior||an increase in the autophosphorylation activity
left:behavior||between many p53 mutations associated
right:behavior||missense mutations in the GRD is
right:behavior||a decrease in the overall positive
right:behavior||are involved in the protection from
middle:middle||via reduced CDK12 activity is
middle:middle||only reduced AT activity modestly
middle:middle||in gain of function of
right:behavior||allosteric effects on the DNA binding
middle:middle||with gain of function alterations
right:behavior||not increase the catalytic activity of
right:behavior||from mutations in the subunits of
middle:middle||a gain of function mechanism
right:behavior||fold increase in kinase activity when
right:behavior||somatic mutations in the epidermal growth
middle:middle||specific gain of function is
right:behavior||of mutations on protein structure and
right:behavior||activating mutations in the cDNAs encoding
middle:middle||luciferase activity was reduced by
right:behavior||eightfold increase in kinase activity of
right:behavior||possible impact on the function of
right:behavior||no impact on the magnesium binding
right:behavior||no effect on the TSC2 protein
